[Added][BEL-3940] Widget usage in link creation (#87)
belvo-finance/belvo-ruby: README.md

    $ gem install belvo

## Usage (create link via widget)

When your user successfully links their account using the [Connect Widget](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/connect-widget), your implemented callback funciton will return the `link_id` required to make further API to retrieve information. 

```ruby
require 'belvo'

belvo = Belvo::Client.new(
  'your-secret-id',
  'your-secret-password',
  'sandbox'
)

> id = result_from_callback_function.link # The link_id you receive in your callback function

Reviewer: why do we use this line? or where is `result_from_callback_function` declared?

Reviewer: I know is the README, but this could cause confusion

Author: All very good points!

So perhaps we don't need to use this line of code, however, I wanted to highlight that they can automatically retrieve the link_id after a successful widget link creation process. And in the widget, we usually ask them to have a callback function to handle the success message that contains the link ID. Do you have perhaps a better suggestion on how to illustrate this?

Reviewer: I know what you are trying to do. 

Remember that the widget is for the frontend side (javascript). Then, all the info is sent to the backend and this is when an SDK comes into play. I think we shouldn't mix frontend and backend code in the same snippet. 

IMO we could write about the thing you are trying to exemplify and then we can show with code snippets how to use the SDK and only use ruby code and backend logic in this snippet.

Reviewer: remember that the widget is optional, and there might be a client that wants to use ruby, and maybe they are using their own widget/front-end implementation.

Author: Ah, OK I think that makes sense :) But let me just have @midito comment on this as he's the one making the request for this documentation update.

Reviewer 2: I don't have too much time to discuss on this.
I get Sergio's point by for now we don't have time to prepare an e2e example. It's on Dom's roadmap for next Q.
Customers/Devs will need to figure out and plan the solution by themselves but the approach on just using the SDKs to create a link is not going to work and it's not realistic.
Most of the customers are using the widget and this is the way to go. Creating links using the API is UNSECURE and something we should kill in the future or keep just for enterprise customers.
We need to always put the widget on first place to guide our integrators on using our best practices.

Author: @shekodn I made a small change, and maybe for now let's see if it works and doesn't draw any confusion from our users? :)

  belvo.accounts.retrieve(link: new_link[id])

>   puts belvo.accounts.list

Reviewer: What I would do:
-Take care of the indentation 
- I think we are missing a "begin" (we have a rescue below) 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14099540/124566183-1d426e00-de43-11eb-90b5-811fb9d8ac77.png)

Author: Ahhh! See, that's why it's good to have an expert looking at this ;)

    $ gem install belvo

## Usage (create link via widget)

When your user successfully links their account using the [Connect Widget](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/connect-widget), your implemented callback funciton will return the `link_id` required to make further API to retrieve information.

```ruby
require 'belvo'

belvo = Belvo::Client.new(
  'your-secret-id',
  'your-secret-password',
  'sandbox'
)

begin

>     # Get the link_id from the result of your widget callback function

Reviewer: ✔️

    $ gem install belvo

## Usage (create link via widget)

When your user successfully links their account using the [Connect Widget](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/connect-widget), your implemented callback funciton will return the `link_id` required to make further API to retrieve information. 

```ruby
require 'belvo'

belvo = Belvo::Client.new(
  'af6e69ff-43fa-4e10-8d90-3d217309a1e5',
  'gdi64m68Lc6xUjIKN3aJF2fZd51wD36lTjGVyJO5xQBfL7PRsgFef-ADXBxIhUnd',
  'sandbox'
)

> id = resultFromCallbackFunction.link # The link_id you receive in your callback function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
id = result_from_callback_function.link # The link_id you receive in your callback function
```

Reviewer: in ruby we usually do snake_case. However, in JS we use camelCase
